`azurerm_resource_deployment_script_azure_power_shell` `azurerm_resource_deployment_script_azure_cli` - loosen version validation (#23370)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/resource_deployment_script_azure_cli.html.markdown

* `location` - (Required) Specifies the Azure Region where the Resource Deployment Script should exist. Changing this forces a new Resource Deployment Script to be created.

> * `version` - (Required) Azure CLI module version to be used. The supported versions include but not limited to `2.0.77`, `2.0.78`, `2.0.79`, `2.0.80`, `2.0.81`, `2.1.0`, `2.10.0`, `2.10.1`, `2.11.0`, `2.11.1`, `2.12.0`, `2.12.1`, `2.13.0`, `2.14.0`, `2.14.1`, `2.14.2`, `2.15.0`, `2.15.1`, `2.16.0`, `2.17.0`, `2.17.1`, `2.18.0`, `2.19.0`, `2.19.1`, `2.2.0`, `2.20.0`, `2.21.0`, `2.22.0`, `2.22.1`, `2.23.0`, `2.24.0`, `2.24.1`, `2.24.2`, `2.25.0`, `2.26.0`, `2.26.1`, `2.27.0`, `2.27.1`, `2.27.2`, `2.28.0`, `2.29.0`, `2.29.1`, `2.29.2`, `2.3.0`, `2.3.1`, `2.30.0`, `2.31.0`, `2.32.0`, `2.33.0`, `2.33.1`, `2.34.0`, `2.34.1`, `2.35.0`, `2.36.0`, `2.37.0`, `2.38.0`, `2.39.0`, `2.4.0`, `2.40.0`, `2.41.0`, `2.5.0`, `2.5.1`, `2.6.0`, `2.7.0`, `2.8.0`, `2.9.0`, `2.9.1`. Please refer to https://aka.ms/DeploymentScriptsTroubleshoot for more details. Changing this forces a new Resource Deployment Script to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `version` - (Required) Specifies the version of the Azure CLI that should be used in the format `X.Y.Z` (e.g. `2.30.0`). Changing this forces a new Resource Deployment Script to be created.

-> A canonical list of versions [is available from the Microsoft Container Registry API](https://mcr.microsoft.com/v2/azure-cli/tags/list)
```
